What is the likelihood of a class action law suit against Southwest airlines for this travel disaster?
Those flying (or attempting to fly) Southwest Airlines right now? How are you doing?
How do you feel about Southwest Airlines’ "customer of size" policy in which the cost of a second seat is refunded for any plus-sized travelers who take up more room than one seat?
Why did Southwest have so many cancellations compared to other airlines?
For some weird reason, a plane ticket that goes through Chicago is significantly cheaper than a ticket to Chicago itself. What happens if I buy a ticket to another city, but simply get off when the plane stop in Chicago?
People who've rode low cost airlines (Spirit, Southwest, etc.), what has your experience been like?
Can commercial airlines fly upside down (loops, rolls, etc)?
Reddit, what's your bad United Airlines experience?
Apart from United Airlines, what are the worst PR-disasters of major corporations in history?
What’s happening with United Airlines?
What is your opinion on removing the United Airlines dragging a doctor of an airplane post?
United Airlines maintenance workers: What is the policy change that caused all of these daily issues?
What is your worst experience flying with United Airlines?
What big company has done worse things than United Airlines that we don't know of or have forgotten?
What are possible new slogans for United Airlines?
What is the best airline based in the United States?
What’s the difference between Delta and United Airlines?
Where do air planes dump their fuel for emergency landings?
Since it has been in the news lately about airline fees, how much does each extra unit of weight cost to fly it?
Why do we compare safety of various modes of travel in units of "distance traveled"?
Could China's Disregard for Environmental Safety be Causing Extreme Weather Events?
Was there ever an attempt to create a single Flag Carrier airline in the United States?
Where airlines in the US segregated?
Why were so few passengers on the hijacked planes of 9/11?
Car companies usually build their own engines, but aircraft manufacturers don’t. Why did the aviation industry develop that way?
Anyone fly JAL with their American Airlines alliance? How was it?
What is the worst American airlines carrier (pick 1!)?
What would you do if you suddenly time traveled to American Airlines flight 11 on September the 11th 2001?
Which is better American or Delta Airlines?
The people have decided that American Airlines isn't American enough; you've been tasked with creating 'Murican Airlines. What is one company policy you suggest to make the airline as 'murican as possible?
What's your "that could have been me" story?
What is the solution for iPads not playing free entertainment on American Airlines if you are connected to aainflight and running the latest version of IOS?
Why/how is American Airlines so popular regardless of their history of commercial airlines crashing? It seems like American Airlines has more horrific/notable crashes than other airlines based out of the USA?
What is the best airline to take when flying economy (United, Delta, American airlines, or Southwest)?
What airlines in the U.S. (other than American Airlines) recently changed their pet travel policy?
How does a ground/earth pin work on a plane?
Could China's Disregard for Environmental Safety be Causing Extreme Weather Events?
Were put options heavily purchased for stocks like American Airlines the day before 9/11?
How did Pan American Airlines go from a ubiquitous, world spanning brand to complete dissolution?
What kind of passenger plane might Pan American Airlines have used on flights from San Juan Puerto Rico to New York City?
How were African-Americans treated on airlines during segregation/apartheid, especially flights from segregated regions to non-segregated seguías?
What did Mohawk Airlines have against married women?
How pricey were Indiana Jones' transoceanic flights, and how extensive were their availability in the interwar period?
What was the political discourse like regarding the Airline Deregulation Act of 1978?
Which is better American or Delta Airlines?
What is your opinion of Delta Airlines? What do you assume?
What’s the best airline to fly? Delta?
Anyone know how to contact Delta airlines IT department?
Why did Delta Airlines infect so many people with a deadly disease?
What’s the difference between Delta and United Airlines?
Delta Airlines or Southwest Airlines and why?
Corona beer and Delta airlines, what will be the brand/company to share its name with the next covid-variant?
For those of you who have flown Delta Airlines, how was it?
What is the best airline to take when flying economy (United, Delta, American airlines, or Southwest)?
I am a stew for Pan-Am and I am receiving information about unionizing. What kind of wage increase and benefits can I expect if unionization goes through? Help me, should I support?
I am a stew for Pan-Am and I am receiving information about unionizing. What kind of wage increase and benefits can I expect if unionization goes through? Help me, should I support?
Who has bough air france klm stock?
What are the chances of an accident like Air France 447 happen again?
Is Air France any good when it comes to food in long haul economy class flight? How does it compare to those of Singapore Airlines, Emirates, Qatar etc.?
Having just read about the fail of the Air France Concorde, why hasn't supersonic transportation been revisited?
I got screwed over by Air France and now have a 10 hour layover in Charles De Gaulle Airport in France. What are your airport horror stories Reddit?
I heard all of the horror stories about the TSA but always thought it really couldn't be that bad. Now I just moved to the U.S from Ireland and the TSA has stolen thousands of dollars of camera equipment from me. Is there anything I can do to get it back?
Were any changes implemented in the airline industry after Air France flight 447 went down?
Why would someone fight in France, the seas, the oceans, the air, the beaches, the landing grounds, the fields, the streets and on the hills?
Why don't modern aircraft use gps to monitor air speed?
Air Pollution - How is it attributed as causal factor for extra deaths or reduction in life expentancy?
How exactly does a national bank keep the value of its currency down?
Why do planes only have one in-flight recorder?
How dangerous is the Fukushima nuclear power plant situation?
How local a phenomenon is air pollution?
I noticed Nice, France looks very tropical. It is at 43 degrees N. I'm in Portland, ME...hardly tropical at 43 degrees N. How is this? Is it because of the Mediterranean?
Is mountain air really the healthiest/least polluted air?
Ive managed to find employment alongside a 'Flat-Earther'. Can you please help me silence him?
Air France 8969 Hijacking: After the hijackers were defeated, what was the response of the Algerian government and the French government to the terrorist group? How did it affect Algerian and French citizens, and what was the general feeling at the time?
Did the Allied Forces have complete air superiority over Northern France during D-Day?
Why did Idi Amin allow the Air France hijackers to land in Uganda prior to Operation Entebbe?
How did the European countries forgive Germany so quickly after WWII?
In the Battle of France, why did Allied air forces suffer such disproportionately high losses than the Germans?
What was the process and requirements of joining the Air Corps of Imperial Germany and Britain and was it different for France and the US during the First World War?
Would there have been open air film screenings for the troops in WWI France?
I am a citizen of West Berlin living there in 1970. How would I go about visiting family in France, and vice versa? Can I easily take a train or a car? Or is air travel the better option?
Wikipedia claims that both sides in WW2 refrained from "carpet bombing" until 1940 - true or not?
How many aircraft of all types that were flown to Britain from German Occupied Allied nations were put into use by the British Royal Air Force in World War Two?
What was the greatest crime in history?
Is Lufthansa safe enough?
If any of you guys know Lufthansa switched there flight from EDDN - EDDM (Nurnberg(Nue) - Munich (Muc) switch from a plane to a bus why?
What are the best leg room economy seats in a Lufthansa 747-400 Boeing flight? Where do seats 33A and 33k have an entertainment system?
What do you think would've happened if MH17 was european (KLM, BA, Lufthansa, etc.) instead of malaysian?
What movie worthy heist would you pull if you knew, in the end, you would get away with it?
What's your favorite airplane safety video?
What's the worst thing that someone could name their kid?
Redditors who've flown first class, what are the people in coach missing out on?
What company's slogan would be x100 funnier if it was replaced by "Because fuck you"?
Are there any ways to provide internet service to an airplane flying over the ocean?
The Munich Agreement has constantly resurfaced in the past 76 years as the epitome of foreign policy appeasement/failure, are these criticisms accurate?
What is the best way to successfully board a British Airways flight with an electric guitar as cabin luggage?
Her Majesty the Queen herself has decided that British Airways isn't British enough; you've been tasked with creating a proper British Airways. What is one company policy that you suggest to make the airline as properly British as possible?
What’s the chances of having Wi-fi on a British Airways flight?
How much are my British Airways Avios worth?
I heard all of the horror stories about the TSA but always thought it really couldn't be that bad. Now I just moved to the U.S from Ireland and the TSA has stolen thousands of dollars of camera equipment from me. Is there anything I can do to get it back?
Why are people so mad at British airways? Prior to the new rule were European flights not predominantly boarded in the order of seat price, as has been my experience in North America? Was the British airway experience somehow less classist than a typical flight?
British Airways luggage fail -- How much have you gotten out of an airline for messing up?
When I fly from London to New York with British Airways, what kind of plane will I be flying in?
Is a life time ban by the British Airways to a passenger named Bridget Nhire after an onboard misbehavior justified ?
What's your best conspiracy theory to link to the burning of British airways 777 to the missing Malaysian 777?
What would happen if a window from an airplane would break at high altitude during mid-flight?
It's 1924, and I, a middle class man from London, would like to fly across the channel in one of those newfangled "aeroliners." Where would I start? Can I even afford a ticket? Is it even safe? And what kind of aeroplane would I be flying on?
JetBlue delayed baggage claim, reimbursement. What is considered “reasonable” purchases ? What is the most someone has gotten in reimbursement ?
JetBlue has stolen $1060 from me, and won't give it back.  Does anyone have any advice for me?
Can Reddit help my 6 year old son name a JetBlue plane?
Steven Slater quit his job at JetBlue by pulling the emergency chute and jumping onto it with two beers. What's your best '...quit in style' story?
For some weird reason, a plane ticket that goes through Chicago is significantly cheaper than a ticket to Chicago itself. What happens if I buy a ticket to another city, but simply get off when the plane stop in Chicago?
Is there anyone that currently works for JetBlue Airways that is willing to give me a recommendation?
Hey AskScience, what forces (jet stream, etc) influence the movement of storms?
Light Speed travel and Invisibility?
Do people in the far north different circadian rhythms to those living on the equator?
Is there a functional reason behind Russia's cool fighter jet camouflage schemes?
When will the air stop smelling like Canada?
Air Canada Stock - are you buying? Why/why not?
Air Canada pilots, how do you land so smoothly every time and why can’t/don’t other airline pilots do it?
Huge work mistake: Forgot an airline crew in a McDonald's in Portugal for 5 days... What's your biggest work related mistake?
What are your bad Air Canada experiences?
What are some common forms of sexism that men face?
I just discovered my cross country flight left at 8am, not 11am. Reddit what was your most expensive brain fart?
How do American/Canadian soldiers travel to war overseas (Iraq/Afghanistan/etc)? Giant hollowed out cargo planes? Charter an Air Canada flight? Greyhound? Uber?
Why is Greenland almost fully glaciated while most of Northern Canada is not at same latitude?
Why did Canada combine its military branches is 1968? And does it have any functional difference to countries that keep separate armies, navies, and air forces?
Why didn't Denmark (and by extension Greenland) join NORAD?
What was the British backup plan in the Second World War if for some reason Britain and Northern Ireland were seized by the Axis?
What was the role of parliaments close to the frontlines in the World Wars?
What was the role of Canada in the Second World War?
Should I write US Airways about having to share half my seat?
If evolution can give us nice things like eyes why can animals not breath and exhale through two airways simultaneously?
Signed up for a US Airways Dividend Miles account. Minutes later, I started receiving spam/phising form "US Airways", a coincidence?
Despite better judgement, I booked with US Airways, and was reminded today why this is a bad idea. What are your US Airways horror stories?
How do I use US Airways vouchers against them?
Flying on US Airways or Aer Lingus from California to Ireland - which do you prefer?
What if the Malaysian Airlines flight that crashed in Ukraine was a US Airways flight with 298 Americans on?
Frequent Flyer Programs: United v US Airways. Which one do you guys think is better?
Why did the plane that crashed into the Hudson not break apart like the Ethiopia Flight 961?
Is coughing an evolutionary advantage? If so, why do we try to suppress it with cough syrup ?
What happens to all of the microorganisms which we are constantly inhaling?
Does the tar from smoking really cause lungs to turn black?
